# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via httpx
ape-pie==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
black==24.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
boltons==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   face
    #   glom
bracex==2.5.post1
    # via wcmatch
build==1.0.3
    # via pip-tools
bump-my-version==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cbor2==5.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webauthn
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   elastic-apm
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   bump-my-version
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
    #   rich-click
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
codecov==2.1.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
commonground-api-common==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   recommonmark
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   codecov
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   webauthn
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
django==4.2.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-admin-index
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-jsonform
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   django-markup
    #   django-otp
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sessionprofile
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   django-solo
    #   django-two-factor-auth
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   maykin-2fa
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
django-axes==6.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-csp==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-debug-toolbar==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
django-formtools==2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-jsonform==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   open-api-framework
django-log-outgoing-requests==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-markup==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-ordered-model==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-otp==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-phonenumber-field==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
django-privates==2.0.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-relativedelta==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
django-sendfile2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-privates
django-sessionprofile==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-setup-configuration==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
django-simple-certmanager==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   zgw-consumers
django-solo==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
django-two-factor-auth==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   maykin-2fa
django-webtest==1.9.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-inclusions
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   notifications-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
djangorestframework-inclusions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
drf-nested-routers==0.94.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   open-api-framework
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2024.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
face==20.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   glom
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
faker==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   factory-boy
flake8==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
flower==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
glom==23.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via bump-my-version
humanize==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   sphinx
josepy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pyquery
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jinja2
maykin-2fa==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
mozilla-django-oidc-db==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
notifications-api-common==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
open-api-framework==0.9.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   furl
oyaml==1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
phonenumberslite==8.13.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
pip==24.3.1
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
platformdirs==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   questionary
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bump-my-version
    #   django-setup-configuration
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bump-my-version
    #   django-setup-configuration
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   zgw-consumers
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-simple-certmanager
    #   josepy
    #   webauthn
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyquery==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   oyaml
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   vcrpy
qrcode==6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
questionary==2.1.0
    # via bump-my-version
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-redis
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ape-pie
    #   codecov
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   coreapi
    #   django-log-outgoing-requests
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   open-api-framework
    #   requests-mock
    #   sphinx
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   bump-my-version
    #   rich-click
rich-click==1.8.5
    # via bump-my-version
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-setup-configuration
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
sentry-sdk==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   josepy
    #   pip-tools
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
    #   furl
    #   isodate
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   qrcode
    #   webtest
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tblib==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   faker
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via bump-my-version
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   anyio
    #   mozilla-django-oidc-db
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-click
    #   zgw-consumers
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   celery
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   open-api-framework
vcrpy==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
wcmatch==10.0
    # via bump-my-version
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webauthn==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-two-factor-auth
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==2.0.35
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.42.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   vcrpy
zgw-consumers==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/ci.txt
    #   -r requirements/ci.txt
    #   commonground-api-common
    #   notifications-api-common
